Updates for capgen-v1 (#81)
NCAR/ccpp-doc: CCPPtechnical/source/ConfigBuildOptions.rst

*****************************************
CCPP Configuration and Build Options
*****************************************

> While the :term:`CCPP Framework` code, consisting of a single Fortran source file and associated metadata file, can be compiled and tested independently, the :term:`CCPP Physics` code can only be used within a :term:`host modeling <host model>` system that provides the variables required to execute the physics. As such, it is advisable to integrate the CCPP configuration and build process with the host model build system. Part of the build process, known as the *capgen* step since it precedes compilation, involves running a Python script that performs multiple functions. These functions include configuring the *CCPP Physics* for use with the host model and autogenerating FORTRAN code to communicate variables between the physics and the dynamical core. The *capgen* step will be discussed in detail in :numref:`Chapter %s <CCPPcapgen>`.

Reviewer: This is not true. You can probably compile the constituents Fortran code independently, but otherwise there is no more Fortran code on the framework side.

Author: Good catch. Removed first line.

The :term:`SCM` and the :term:`UFS Atmosphere` are supported for use with the CCPP. In the case of the UFS Atmosphere as the host model, build configuration options can be specified as cmake options to the ``build.sh`` script for manual compilation or through a regression test (RT) configuration file. Detailed instructions for building the UFS Atmosphere and the SCM are discussed in the
`UFS Weather Model User Guide <https://ufs-weather-model.readthedocs.io/en/release-public-v3/BuildingAndRunning.html#building-the-weather-model>`_
and the `SCM User Guide <https://dtcenter.org/sites/default/files/paragraph/scm-ccpp-guide-v6-0-0.pdf>`_.
For both SCM and UFS the ``ccpp_capgen.py`` script is run automatically as a step in the build system,
although it can be run manually for debugging purposes.

> Lists containing scheme and host metadata files, along with a list of Suite Definition Files, must be provided to ``ccpp_capgen.py``. For the ccpp-scm and ufs-weather-model repositories, these file lists are defined within the CMakeLists, just prior to the call the ``ccpp_capgen.py``. When calling ``ccpp_capgen.py``, the following sequence is performed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists containing scheme and host metadata files, along with a list of Suite Definition Files, must be provided to ``ccpp_capgen.py``. For the ccpp-scm and ufs-weather-model repositories, these file lists are defined in a CMake configuration file (`CMakeLists.txt`), just prior to the call the ``ccpp_capgen.py``. The calls to ``ccpp_capgen.py`` and other CCPP-framework scripts can be encapsulated in CMake macros to simplify the build configuration. When calling ``ccpp_capgen.py``, the following sequence is performed:
```

> * Parse metadata and corresponding source file lists and check for consistency. This is the CCPP validation stage.

Reviewer: No. This is now a separate step (ccpp_validator.py)

Author: I reworked this section a bit.

> * Using Suite Definition File(s), autogenerate CCPP physics Group and Host Caps (a.k.a. physics drivers).

Reviewer: I suggest using grammatically correct uppercase and lowercase letters everywhere.

Author: Sorry, I have a (bad) habit of uppercasing the steps (e.g., Host, Suite, Group, Scheme)
